chore: update liveness UX (#4728)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/migration/migration.react.mdx

## `@aws-amplify/ui-react-liveness`
### Migrate from 2.x to 3.x
#### Installation

Install the 3.x version of the `@aws-amplify/ui-react-liveness` library.

<Tabs.Container defaultValue="npm">
  <Tabs.List>
    <Tabs.Item value="npm">npm</Tabs.Item>
    <Tabs.Item value="yarn">yarn</Tabs.Item>
  </Tabs.List>
  <Tabs.Panel value="npm">
    <TerminalCommand command="npm install aws-amplify@6.x @aws-amplify/ui-react-liveness@3.x" />
  </Tabs.Panel>
  <Tabs.Panel value="yarn">
    <TerminalCommand command="yarn add aws-amplify@6.x @aws-amplify/ui-react-liveness@3.x" />
  </Tabs.Panel>
</Tabs.Container>

#### Update and Usage

Optionally update your App with the new prop usage:

**App.js**

```diff
 const App = () => (
  return (
    <ThemeProvider>
      {loading ? (
        <Loader />
      ) : (
        <FaceLivenessDetector
          sessionId={createLivenessApiData.sessionId}
          region="us-east-1"
          onAnalysisComplete={handleAnalysisComplete}
-         disableInstructionScreen={true}
+         disableStartScreen={true}
        />
      )}
    </ThemeProvider>
  );
);

```

#### CDN CSP Policy

> The 3.x version of the `FaceLivenessDetector` has been updated to use the latest version of TensorFlow and Blazefacee thus the default CDN's have changed to a new URL. If your application has an existing CSP policy, ensure your policy allows https://cdn.liveness.rekognition.amazonaws.com. If you are using a custom CDN make sure to update your CDN versions to match [@tensorflow/tfjs-backend-wasm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tensorflow/tfjs-backend-wasm/v/4.11.0) and [@tensorflow-models/face-detection](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tensorflow-models/face-detection/v/1.0.2).Please look over the [Liveness Config](../connected-components/liveness/customization#facelivenessdetectorconfig) section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 3.x version of the `FaceLivenessDetector` has been updated to use the latest version of TensorFlow and Blazeface, thus the default CDN paths have changed. If your application has an existing CSP policy, ensure your policy allows https://cdn.liveness.rekognition.amazonaws.com. If you are using a custom CDN make sure to update your CDN versions to match [@tensorflow/tfjs-backend-wasm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tensorflow/tfjs-backend-wasm/v/4.11.0) and [@tensorflow-models/face-detection](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tensorflow-models/face-detection/v/1.0.2).Please look over the [Liveness Config](../connected-components/liveness/customization#facelivenessdetectorconfig) section for more information.
```
